# Vandenberg Fall 2018 Overview
*What's next for Vandenberg for this season?*

10.17.2018

  As anyone who stepped out at the right time on the West Coast saw, SAOCOM-1A kicked off this season with an amazing launch. But what's next for Vandenberg?
  
  First, we have SSO-A, which is currently confirmed for November 19. Flying on a Falcon 9, it's a rideshare mission by Spaceflight Industries, carrying many small satellites, and, [according to Spaceflight Now](https://spaceflightnow.com/launch-schedule/), these payloads will be from "nearly 50 government and commercial organizations from 16 countries". In other words, a swarm of satellites. Next up is the Radarsat trio, also onboard a Falcon 9. Launching no earlier than November, it's a mission by the Canadian Space Agency, for maritime surveillance and ecosystem monitoring. There is currently no word on a launch day. Finally for November, the final Iridium NEXT mission will launch, concluding the series of 8.
  
  Next up, and here's the big one, NROL-71. Launching aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy, it's a mission for the National Reconaissance Office. Scheduled for December 3, with a currently classified launch window and purpose. However, it's still a Delta IV Heavy, one of the few remaining. Definitely a launch you don't want to miss.

  For now, there are no more launches scheduled, but that's not to say there won't be more, barring some sort of world ending event, that is. In the meantime, here's the mission highlights for **AEHF-4**, a mission that flew from Cape Canaveral. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/CNdRV12trm8" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
